Defense
	So you haven't play enough Call of Duty...
	
	All joking aside, 'no promises', even if you are a call of duty hall of famer you probably still don't know jack squat about weaponry, especially when you can't just push 'X' to reload.  ZombieFIST has got you covered with a short list of the typical arsonal you should have or be looking for when the apocalypse arrives.  We'd prefer you get your hands on something before the neighbor you hate anyway comes barrelling through your picture window like he's high on bath salts trying to eat your face. Then you can do what you always wanted to do, right between the eyes.
	
Weapons

	Handguns
		Pros - Handguns are an efficient weapon and depending upon the calibur can pack a good punch at close range.  They are great for travel and can be easier to handle in tight quarters, like when you are sweeping the local pharmacy for grandma's meds. Just give her some horse tranquilizers instead and let her go easy already...jeez have some decency. 
			
		Cons - While compact and light in comparison to other weaponry, handguns do create some shortcomings if they are your only defense. They aren't great for any 'target practice' beyond 20 yards.  I know in movies if Joe Blow hero takes a little extra time lining up that shot, he always hits his target. But believe us, that won't be you and you'll probably just draw a dozen more z-dogs with your fail.  
		
		Top 5 - 
		
		
	Rifles
		Pros - Rifles includes long guns and assault rifles, both serve slightly different purposes.  A bolt action rifle being our top choice for many reasons.  Bolt action rifles are the most accurate weapons you can get your bloody hands on post z-day. Knowing this they would serve you well for hunting food, clipping heads from a distance and any other use in an emergency.  Assault rifles would be a better choice in movies, although it would be nice to pop off rounds quickly high magazine capacity and they are still quite accurate when weilded by someone with some experience.
		
		Cons - The oppsosite of handguns, most rifles aren't designed for sweeping buildings and close quarter combat, unless you opt for something designed for it, like a stubby M4(A shortened version of the M16A2, you sacrafice some distance accuracy but may be worth it). Here again, don't choose a weapon by cool factor, form follows function, because zombie grandma doesn't care, she just wants to eat your finger cookies.
		
		Top 5
	
	Shotguns
		
		Pros - What could be more fun than peppering baddies with deer shot? Shotguns can get you more bang for your buck and probably the most readily available ammunition across the nation.  Ready and able to perform meat chunking in close quarters and providing hunting capability necessary for long term survival.  Keep it simple with this baby, you don't need anything fancy just make sure you have a slug barrel for zombie head casturation and a bird barrel for hunting water fowl and small game.

		Cons - While versitility is the key factor in choosing this weapon. There are some cons to consider.  It isnt nearly as accurate as a rifle, along with being just as long and clunky in tight quarters. Keep this baby clean too, jamming can be an issue with many a blunderbuss.
		
		Top 5 -
		Remington 
		Mossberg 500
		
	Archery
	
		Pros - Silent and deadly, well, some of the time.  Achery is a good choice for hunting deer and small game.  If you seek to do things ninja style then compound bows and their cousin the crossbow may be your meal ticket.  Quiet deployment and retrievable ammunition are the biggest benefit but it ends about there. Do you really want to use an arrow that has infected biological material caked upon it's soul? If so, I suggest you carry around some rubbing alcohol or bleach, grandmas wet wipes won't do.
		
		Cons - Probably the worst choice for taking out zed, the bow is clunky, takes years to reload, and requires significant training for anything ressembling accuracy.  So unless you are an avid bo hunter already, maybe keep this baby at base camp, simply a nice to have.  While the crossbow is a little easier to pick up and play, it still has many of the drawbacks of the bow.  Let's be serious, you aren't Daryl, he is a fictionalized character who probably would have been dead season one with that choice of weaponry.  
		
		Top 5 - 
	
Melee

		Blades
		
		Pros - Knives are absolutely necessary in any survival situation. You should probably have serveral that serve different roles.  A multi-tool fits this category and would serve you well, with the vast number of uses and widespread availabilty.  Knives could also serve as an emergency combat weapon if your main defense jams or needs reloading while a slobbering grocery store clerk stumbles toward you in the middle of getting grandma candycorn and Worther's Originals.
		
		Cons - Seriously though. Don't use this to fight said slobbering grocery store clerk. You do not want to risk getting that close.  It's not like the movies.  Actors die when the writer wants them to die, or when they get sick of working two days a week and decide to ride out the rest of their career doing credit card commercials. What's in your wallet? We hope more bullets or just frickin' run like the rest of us.  And please, for the love of all that is holy, don't carry a samurai sword.
	
		Top 5
		
		Tools
		
		Pros - Tools we consider anything you would find in a garage. Shovels, axes, hell, even a 2x4 could serve a purpose for defense.  While we don't suggest using an axe for your primary weapon slot it can be utilized in many a situation.  
		
		Cons - Have you ever swung an axe and missed your target.  The momentum alone will drop you on your keister and help you aquire a brand new munched out blood squirting hole in your trapizius. Axes are good for chopping wood, and rakes are good for leaves.  You don't really have a rake do you?  You are probably too dead to read this.
		
		Homemade
		
		Pros - There are many weapons that can be fashioned from common materials you can scavange.  Probably our personal favorite would be 'the potato shooter'.  I know what you are thinking.  Did they just recommend a potato shooter?  Well, they are easy to make: PVC, glue, a grill ignitor and cheap hairspray. They actually pack a wholloping punch, and with a little imagination you can think of all sorts of violent projectiles.
		
		Cons - Homemade weapons are generally less reliable and more novelty than anything else.  While a potato shooter would be fun, I really don't think any of us are McGyver material. So probably leave the potato shooters to generation-Z teenagers.
		
		
Home Defense

		The Best Offense is a Good Defense
		
		Weapons
		
		Weapon choice for building defense is dramtically more verstile than if you are treking across zombieland.  When weight isn't a factor you can afford to have tremendous variety. While we don't recommend playing a head blasting mash of celebrity look-a-likes meets where's waldo, you should have weapons to poke things at tremendous distance. It may just help keep the other most prevalent enemy at bay, other people. 

		Real Estate
		
		Choosing the right fortification might be the most important descision you'll have to make.  Helping you decide the good from the bad, we are here is a list of tips to help you.

		-choose a building with few windows, reasons obvious
		-you can't beat concrete or brick structures
		-don't pick something too big to manage with your party
		-roof should have a flat surface so you can scout and snipe without bringing notice to yourself during daylight hours
		-don't go to the mall, you've seen Dawn of the Dead
		-don't stay in your house, you've seen Dawn of the Dead
		-don't stay anywhere that the leader calls himself the Governer, you've seen the Walking Dead.
		-location must be near fresh water source or you'll die anyway
		-don't bunker down in large cities you'll die
		-don't bunker down in small towns you'll live longer but still die
		-don't bunker down, you have to move eventually but probably die anyway
		-if you have enough food and water for a few months stay and gather resources and play the waiting game, maybe the plague will pass
		-height is your friend, choose a structure with at least two stories
		-block all light pollution at night, you don't want to be a beacon for night stalkers(zombies and other people)
		-if grandma Edna refuses to leave her house because all of her memories of grandpa George are there, leave her behind, shes had a long life already anyway, move to a more secure location, you can bring a picture if you want.
		-use your best judgement, if it was designed to keep people in or out it is probably a good choice
		
		Top 5 Things to Consider
		
		1. What Kind of Zombie 
		2. How Large is Your Group
		3. Is the Location Long Term of Short Term
		4. Seasonal Changes for that Part of the Country
		5. Maintainability
		
		FIST Tip - Best Offense is a Good Defense - Don't do yet
		
		The biggest factor in choosing a weapon or a defensible position is the type of zombie plague you are dealing with.  Are you dealing with 1970's zombie, slow stupid and relatively easy to dispatch? Or are you dealing with the much more frightening 28 Days Later or Dawn of the Dead zombie?  The later are terrifyingly more dangerous because they are fast as hell and probably don't get tired, you can run but you probably will be ravaged eventually even if you are in marathon shape.  And let's be honest, we are easily the fattest country in the world, so chances are you've been eating poptarts watching I Am Legend for the 47th time rather than being slave driven on a cup of dirt a day like some crazy Isis recruit in 100 degree weather.  But luckily for us, you only have to be faster than the guy behind you. Don't think for a second you wouldn't have done the same thing as Shane and don't even think otherwise.  Having touched on I Am Legend, we won't even consider this zombie a possiblity, if you don't know why you probably wouldn't be on this site in the first place, I mean c'mon.  
		
		In short, fast zombies make everything dramatically more difficult. If you can't out run the enemy then your defensive structure becomes the pinnacle of your group's survival.  Travel is more risky and may even be out of the question without battle ready transportation.  We suggest a combat RV or a semi, we will go into greater detail on these vehicles later.  If however, this disease produces slow and stupid zombies, you can get by with less than ideal camp.  Fast to set up and several escape routes are important in any case. You want to be able to create some sort of distraction while you slip away.  Sling some fresh meat chunks with your potato shooter and bolt in the other direction. (That might not work so you may want to test the theory before attempting to split.) Oh, and Grandma might know how to get fresh uninfected meat chunks. 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	