Survival

	Should you eat Grandma? Part 1
	
		Please, don't eat your grandma. Food may become scarce and life will be hard and unforgiving in the wasteland, and it may seem that the wicked thrive and there isn't much left that is good in the world.  But with perseverance you will find good people who choose the right path and those are the people you want to survive with.  Why?  Because these people probably won't shoot you in the knee cap so you become the snack during a chase.  Because these people probably won't steal your vehicle and your gear then bail on you in the wee hours of the morning. Because these people may reach down to help you after you've boosting one of them up over a wall with Z on your tail.  These situations and more will mean the difference between survival and zombification. But if I were you, I'd still sleep with my gun.
		
		Water - Water is the most important factor when it comes to long term suvival.  Always know where you are and where the water is.  Don't know how to read a map? You better learn because GPS probably won't work.  You should have plenty of water purification tabs, kits, and worse case a pot to boil the water first.  I wouldn't trust any source that isn't in a sealed bottle. You never know what kind of posse is lurking in there waiting to go all medival on your system.  It's water. You need it. Find it. Drink it.
		
		Food - Finding food would probably be easy early on in z-era.  Easy to find yes, but also difficult in the 'jeez I had to off the neighbors Jeff and Krissy today' sort of way. Wait a minute. Your neighbors? Why are you still home? You better have a good reason or maybe you haven't read that section yet. Keep learning padawan. 

		Anyway, packaged non refridgerated foods are your best bet. Canned meats, soups, potatos(not for your potato shooter), ramein noodles, etc. The more loaded with preservatives the better. Ha! I bet those liberal foodies making documentaries about our twisted consumption of chemical packed yummies are spinning in their graves.  You know they are most likely dead right? Try being a vegetarian in a post-apocalyptic landscape. Have fun eating grass, because its the only crop growing.  
		
		Your body needs protein and fat, remember that.  Carbs taste good and all but its the only macronutrient that your body doesnt necessarily need. It can efficiently break down protein and fat into the glucose it requires.  Peanut butter is a great example of an awesome calorie packed food that contains mostly protein and fat. So grab all the Peter Pan you can.  It will save your life most likely. You could survive off of 4 or 5 scoops of peanut butter a day for quite a long time.  It would yeild you around 1000 calories.  Not enough to prevent you from losing weight, but let's be honest once again, you probably need to lose a few anyway.
		
	Other Gear
		
		We won't go into tremendous detail on survival gear that you need.  None of which would be specifically zombie apocalyptic. There are a number of websites dedicated solely for outdoor survival. Go to your local sporting goods store and find someone who knows what they are talking about, grab a large pack and stuff of full of the suggestions.  Packing the bag at the store prevents you from buying crap you don't need.  If your pack is overloaded it will have several negatives attached.  A, you'll be slower than you could be if you find yourself without transportation, and B, you are sure to expend valuable caloric units of energy on stuff you'll never use. Still carrying a book? It better be the ZombieFIST survival guide, if not it's now kindling.  Here's a good rule of thumb, if you wouldn't risk going into a zombie infested city center to raid stores looking for it, then you don't need it.  I know you thought that the life size replica Maximus' sword from Gladiator would be just badass to carry around, and you would be partially right, it would be badass, but also a tremendous waste of highly valuable energy stores.  Something else to remember is that it is just stuff, if you have a party of rabid pacmen behind you, drop your gear and sprint your butt to safety. You could double back to get your stuff when the way clears but you can always get more gear.  Don't drop your weapon though genius. 
		
		