Travel
	Pack Your Bags Dorthy, Because Kansas is Going Bye-Bye
		
		Best Laid Plans of Men - This could mean the difference between a chance at survival and a quick death.  The benefit of having just even the bare essentials cannot be overstated.  The critical factor of surviving the first few weeks is going to be location. The majority of US population, 80.7 percent, lives in urban areas. What does this mean? It means not only are you going to have to fight zombies, but an even more dangerous animal, frightened people.  When the entire populations survival instincts kick in, people do crazy s%!@. Therefore you will increase you chance of survival significantly if you don't have to run to Wal-Mart after society starts to collapse. Even if you survive you trip, you've wasted critical time and the roads will become jammed and impassable.  Now you are stuck on foot, with a bunch of gear that most people don't have and even if you have a gun, which you better at this point, a mob may over take you and strip you of everything and back to square one you go.

		I Didn't Plan Ahead Now What? - If you find yourself without essentials, just load up you vehicle with food and water in any containers you can find, grab anything you can possibly make into a weapon and get out. You can search later for gear when more people get eaten.  Pick the shortest route out of town staying off of the highways because they will be jammed.  The reason we know they will be jammed is because thats what everyone else will do, herd mentality and all.  And there is bound to be accidents galore and most likely some gore.  Be smart and don't follow the crowd. Your goal is to be away from people.
		
		Where am I going? - Your ultimate goal should be National Forests.  They will provide ample food and fresh water.  There will be many people with the same idea but it is worth the risk of running into other hunters. Hopefully they will be of sound mind and you can combine forces.  If you were alone this could be very important because you can take shifts sleeping and one person can stay to protect gear while the other hunts for food and gathers water. This requires the essential element of trust. You most likely left your vehicle far behind to find deeper more secluded areas of the backwoods but don't tell your new found pal about that.  Know one needs to know everything until it becomes important.  And don't tell your new buddy that you used to be an accountant either, as far as they should know you are a decorated green beret.  If you are obviously not green beret material at least tell them you were an eagle scout or something.  You don't want to be threatening but you also don't want to be a sheepish character, your more likely to get taken advantage of or seen as a short-term threat which invites death.  Strike a balance.  It will pay dividends.
		
		South of the Border - If you find yourself south of the Northern most states, travel North. Depending upon the time of year there may be really cold weather up there. But even if its not winter, it will become winter eventually. If you survive that long, and it's probably a long shot but you are better prepared now for sure because you are on this awesome site, getting to the cold states will be a significant advantage long term.  Flesh freezes in cold weather. Pretty hard for a zombie to do anything when his or her limbs are frozen stiff because you know they forgot to put their parka one before going out. Frozen zombies sound easier to deal with for sure but that also means you need to be prepared for the cold as well. And frankly, cold weather sucks.  It's harder to do almost everything in the bitter cold. You burn more calories, there is always the threat of hypothermia, it is just plaine harder.  But unltimately it's worth the advantage over the frozen stiffies. DOn't waste bullets on them either.  This is the one time when precision close quarter kills are acceptable. Find a sharp stick and stick it threw an eye ball because this will be the softest tissue leading to the brain. And everyone knows if you want to kill a zombie you'll have to stab'em in the head.
		
		Desert Oasis - Another option would be to spend some time in the deserts.  This is the least likely place people will escape to, which is to your advantage. Another advantage of the extreme heat would be the effect on zed. In any zombie movie, have you ever seen a souless corpse go into the kitchen and grab a drink of water before continuing to moan around the house? We didn't think so.  All biological tissue needs water, and we are assuming that science should still play a part in this World War Z and this disease isn't supernatural. So therefore over time human tissue will dry up and first and foremost affect the brain and hopefully incapacitate and eventually kill the zombie. It's something the movies never consider but it will 'most likely' be the case.  That brings us to the problem of water for you. Don't attempt to stay in the desert unless you are adaquately prepared for the harshness and have an ample water supply. Otherwise you will slowly die of thirst which would be a slow and painful process.  Better off becoming the bisquit for some southern kentucky fried zombie.