Vehicles

	Boosting Cars for Dummies - 2nd Edition
	
	So you need a vehicle.  Chances are you may burn through a few of them. Luckily you can probably take your pick.  But which one is the right one? Well in this section we break down the good the bad and the ugly.  Even more lucky for you is the fact that you want the ugly ones.  The big, the bad, the burly nature of a mud stomping gasoholic is just what you need. But first let's cover some of the choices. Read on survivor.
	
	Cars
	
		Pros - Cars have few advantages over any other types of vehicle other than fuel efficiency. Why should I care about fuel efficiency? Glad you asked. Well the less often you have to stop and get gas the less likely you are to have to deal with zztop and his fellow pumpkin heads. Another reason is 'other people' may be watching because they know they will be likely stopping points for those daring traversers.  They want your stuff so you better be ready to defend yourself and have a plan. You think it will take a minute to pull up to the pump and take off? Think again. Those pumps run on electricity which probably wont work, so getting gas will be a trickier ordeal than you'd imagine.
		
		Cons - Like we said. Better gas mileage actually can be good thing, but cars have too many draw backs to warrant the benefit. Two words. Ground clearance. Cars give you the least ability in traveling off the road and through debri likely stewn across cities.  Also, roads deteriorate rapidly when not maintained. After a few short months with little to no traffic weeds will pop up between cracks and water will flood sewers without operational water management systems. In short you wont always see whats ahead and you want a little clearance. 
	
	Vans
	
		Pros - Vans give you the gas mileage of a car for the most part but offer the versitility of carrying more gear. That's about it.
		
		Cons - Let's be honest. Nobody wants to be seen driving a van, zombie apocalypse or not. You show up in a van to some outpost they will send a crew out, steal your stuff and probably feed you and grandma to the local zed.  Seriously. The only excusable reason to drive a van is to find another vehicle. Period.
	
	Trucks
	
		Pros - Now this is what we are talking about. And not uncle Tony's little S10 that takes cans to recycle. We are talking pick up trucks that have beer cans and chew stains on the floor.
		Its the end of the world, and all the liberals are dead because they didn't believe in gun ownership, so no one is worried about global warming.  Find yourself a vehicle that most likely has a confederate flag bumpersticker because its probably a good-old-american-made-giant-mud-tired-redneck-zombie-killing machine, and they don't make'em like they used to, so fill up the gun rack on the back window and call this baby home. But you might want to grab a few extra gas cans.

		Cons - Depending upon the model, pick ups can have less space in the interior, so don't plan on fitting grandma and her bridge club. Crew cab trucks are much better suited for a couple people.
		Another drawback would be an exposed bed, so any gear put in the back needs to be okay with getting wet.  A simple fix would be a topper or taneu cover.
		
	SUV
	
		Pros - Some SUV's have great suspension and most have unexposed storage area.  If you choose a solid model, you can expect a versatile vehicle that responds well in both rough terrain and navigating city streets.  There won't be shortage of these anytime soon.  Every soccer mom in our country is bound to own one of these at some point.  Opt for the more rugged jeep variety. 
		
		Cons - If you count the cost there isn't much that a decent SUV gives up that it doesn't giveback something valuable in return.

	Battling On the Road
	
		The type of vehicle you choose may vary these suggestions a bit, but overall they should be deployable.  Chances are in our very own world war Z, you will encounter baddies a plenty.  
		
		For clearing zombies in high traffic areas it would serve you well to reinforce at least the front of your vehicle.  A cow killer would suffice to not only push abandoned autos to clear otherwise impassable areas, but provide some extra protection for smokin' walkers on the street.  Better yet, how fun would it be to have a  1 ton pickup with a snow plow on the front cruising down Main Street going all Grand Theft Auto on these post-mortem meat-bags.
		
		Be sure to carry a full set of survival gear with you in your vehicle.  It doesn't have to be your main gear but an emergency bag of goodies incase you break down and find your self walking home or until you find another form of transport.
		
		For cross country obviously you will have your gear but what you don't have yet after you get your vehicle are gas cans and spare tires.  The donut spare you have wont do, find another vehicle of the same make and model and borrow at least two to strap to the top.  If your handy you can also strap that extra rubber to the front for extra protection and bouncing Betties.  Grab an extra car battery too.  If you've ever seen a horror movie, dead car equals dead people, and you don't want to be lunch just yet.
		
		In reality you can probably find any vehicle you want in the long run. Don't be afraid to upgrade when you stumble across something more viable.  It also wouldn't hurt to watch a few youtube videos about basic autocare between playing mindecraft either, it just may save your ass in a sticky situation.  Remember, your old pal Mr. Mechanic probably isn't dead because they already know how to get dirty, but that doesn't mean he'll be there if you have to stroll down to Midas to get your windsheild washer fluid topped off.    
	
	
	
	